The real intense wild hiking tour: Starting early in the morning from Puerto Jimenez, we drive for almost 2 hours spotting animals on our way to Carate where the 21 km hike starts. 
Leona station is located at the 3rd km and is here where we enter the park and say bye to drinkable water, toilets and civilization, crossing many rivers and creeks, walking through the forest trails and also beach parts, being amazed by so much different landscapes and animals, to finally arrive in Sirena station where I nice shower and a bed is waiting for us, a dinner is also available or snacks and drinks to buy. 
Depending on how tired you get to the station and if is not too late we still have the opportunity to visit Sirena river where crocodiles, sharks, Tapirs and more wildlife interact on one of the wildest rivers of Costa Rica.
The nights at Sirena stations are still wild and a good opportunity to spot the Tapirs coming to eat in front of it or some other mammals, birds or just to see the sky and listen to all the night sounds of nature.
The next day we experience the hike a bit different; starting while is still dark we walk towards Carate, where this time we will enjoy the sunrise lights, the fresh morning and a swim in one of the natural river pools and like always looking for every animal in our path.
In this Tropical Rain Forest, the rain of course is always a possibility, to look at the crocodiles while crossing or caimans are also on our bucket list(for some is one of the biggest fears)and so much more surprises and Wild situations will come on our 2 days trip.
Finishing in carate with a coconut and our car waiting to take us back to Civilization.
Like I said: An intense wild hike, full of wildlife, wonderful scenarios, and so many Adventures, I can tell you is definitely one of my favorites hikes and a great Freeriding Time.
